chore: document decision about changeset verb tense (#2718)
toptal/picasso: docs/decisions/changeset-verb-tense.md

# Changeset Verb Tense

### Proposal

> Be consistant in usage of verbe tense when writting changeset. Now we have combination of two, **past simple** and **preset simple**.

Author: @LashaJini ✅

### Decision

> - Use **present simple**

Author: @LashaJini ✅

> ### Benefits

Reviewer: New line between header and text. wdyt?

Author: @LashaJini ✅

- The same as [convetional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/), so if we decide to stop using changesets and generate changelog from commits, we will be consistant

> - KISS

Author: hm, so you would delete it? 🤔

> - KISS

Reviewer: Idk tbh. It seems redundant to me, cuz we should always strive for `KISS` principle.

> # Changeset Verb Tense

Reviewer 2: also we need a template for decisions in this folder (and exclude it from being displayed in Storybook)

### Proposal

> Be consistant in usage of verb tense when writting changeset. Now we have combination of two, **past simple** and **preset simple**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Be consistent in usage of verb tense when writing changesets. Now we have combination of two, **past simple** and **present simple**.
```

### Decision

- Use **present simple**
- Example: `add new Settings16 icon`

### Benefits

> - The same as [convetional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/), so if we decide to stop using changesets and generate changelog from commits, we will be consistant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The same as [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/), so if we decide to stop using changesets and generate changelog from commits, we will be consistent
```
